[Music]
the arc MIDI r2 by fractal design
features massive air flow and highly
flexible liquid cooling support click
now to learn more welcome to my unboxing
of something that's actually really
really exciting this is the 8 rocks from
Razer they have sent a metric but ton of
time developing this product in
collaboration with gamers who really
understand what you need in a fight
stick because it is a very specialized
piece of hardware for the kinds of
people who I think that their blurb on
the side of the box really will speak to
those guys that are going to care about
the tactile feedback of the buttons on a
fight stick the way that geeks like me
care about the tactile feedback on
something like a keyboard so they have
this whole long thing and that basically
ends with forged from the fires of an
arcade gaming legacy the Razer aatrox is
in the most primeval sense bred to fight
so they are looking to a replicate or at
least get as close as possible to the
feel of an actual arcade with well I
mean by the time you buy one of these
and then stop going to arcades and
feeding
endless amounts of money into the
machines they're actually it starts to
look like a pretty good pretty good
value although it isn't inexpensive and
there's a very good reason for it so the
Atrix comes in a nice colorful outer box
and then a more simple sort of what
we've come to expect from their system
components brown box and the usual
excellent Razer packaging with a letter
from their chief gamer as well as some
instructional guides and all those kinds
of things that you may actually need for
this product because there are some cool
features that you're going to want to
use for sure you also get a couple of
Razer stickers which you can go ahead
and stick on this product or on
something else
first things first that foam check it
out love it nice closed cell foam the
fight stick might be ruggedly built but
they're not taking any chances and that
thing will arrive in one piece I can
pretty much give that my personal
guarantee it also comes packed in an
electrostatic Bay
which blew and I almost dropped it yep
we were going to do a rugged ability
durability test right there just like
that and finally some plastic covers
that keep it from popping open during
shipping because the inside of the
fightstick does come apart so let's
start with an exterior tour so the first
thing we're going to see is this is an
Xbox optimized controller so you're
going to have an Xbox button as well as
default key mappings to all of the Xbox
controller functionality that you would
expect except for this guy right here
obviously there's only one analog stick
however you can rebind that two left
stick right stick or d-pad as you see
fit with the dip switch up here you can
also unlock and lock this stuff so that
if you accidentally mash something in
slip it's not going to go ahead and go
to the menu of your Xbox or anything
like that in the middle of the gaming
session they're using genuine Sanwa
components however you might decide that
you want something completely different
and that is where the customizability
comes in so that is for both the
joystick as well as the eight buttons
over here check this out let's open this
up using the button right here actually
okay no no no no I didn't finish the
outside yet okay sorry so start and back
or over on the right over here and then
over here we find nothing but the
interface connector so that's for the
four meter included cord so you're going
to be able to sit adequately far away
from your TV then here we've got nothing
here we've got that button that I teased
you about before but you know don't
worry we'll actually show it to you
later and then on the bottom we find a
nice rubber pad that's going to allow it
to sit on your lap or on a desk or
wherever else you prefer to put it
without it slipping so now we can open
up and have a look at the inside this is
where things get really cool so there's
a nice little hydraulic thing right here
that opens up and allows it to not you
know close on its own accidentally
you've got a convenient little color
labeled action button guide up here and
all of the buttons are completely
swappable simply by there we go
and there's a way to do this I'm quite
certain of it yes there we go
simply by popping off the leads and then
popping them through the front of the
device
just like that so you can change out for
a completely different tactile feel
should you so desire and they wanted to
make it as modder friendly as possible
so same thing here so you can swap out
the joystick in fact it includes a
different joystick knob if you hit
joystick knob if you prefer that so
there's a ball one on there now and this
is get sealed in the bag there it is
there we go so there's the alternate
knob that's also included and then
they've got what their but I guess I
would call like modding friendly
mounting points down here so you can
actually mount additional component tree
or whatever else you want to do in order
to customize the fightstick and these
are all meant to have screws driven into
them so you can put you know PCBs or
whatever else you would desire to do it
also includes a flathead and Phillips
combo screw driver although I'm sure if
you're really that into these things
you're going to have your own screw
driver at this point in time as well as
the four meter wire that I mentioned
before so we can find out how long this
is in - arm lengths but it might
actually take a while okay so basically
it's really really long it terminates in
a standard breakaway connector so you
xbox folks will probably going to be
familiar with this one but of course it
also runs from off USB so it does work
on the PC just fine which is excellent
for folks like me who are going to be
using it there so since we showed you
guys the button swapping procedure which
was very straightforward you can
actually open up this box right here as
well if you want to really get into the
nitty-gritty of things so all you got to
do is go ahead and hold that screw in
place and then you can swap out the
stock joystick there we go which
actually has a different texture to it
as well so the bat one has a bit of a of
a rough texture and then these the
spherical one has a glassy texture so
you just go ahead and screw that back on
I'm just holding this in place with my
finger for now and then I can go ahead
and use the included tool there we go
lock that into place now I missed
something on the outside before and that
was the Xbox headset connector down here
so you're not going to have to worry
about not having voice communication and
I also wanted to go into
little bit more depth about these guys
right here so these are turbo buttons
you can program them completely without
any software which is great because
you're not going to be expected to
install a driver on your xbox dur so all
you got to do is there's a button
combination I forget what it is but it's
something to do with holding like one
and eight and something else anyway so
you can program them for either a four
four actions per second repeat rate or
an eight actions per second repeat rate
and then you bind them to any particular
button that you want so it glows solid
when it's set to four and it glows or
blinks rather when it's set to eight and
then it's not illuminated when the turbo
functionality is off so that's
definitely something that you're going
to want to set up pretty much
immediately when you're aatrox arrives
thank you for checking out my unboxing
and overview that also missed yet
another thing you can swap out the
graphics on the top should you so desire
it's part of the whole modular design
concept thing you just undo these screws
you can put in whatever artwork you want
and now I'm actually done click like on
the video if you liked it click dislike
if you disliked it leave a comment if
you really disliked it and don't forget
to share if you think anyone might find
this little guy kind of cool
[Music]